hi welcome to Gregg's kitchen where the
food is finger licking today I'm going
to show you how to make a beautiful
delicious creamy seafood laksa now
seafood Laxus are one of my favorite
foods in the world so I'm really looking
forward to bringing you this little
recipe come on let's go see what's in it
well today I'm going to be using an
onion red pepper or capsicum a couple of
tins of coconut milk I'm using some
laksa paste that you by the supermarket
I'm going to try using the Hokkien
noodles although you could use two
minotaur ramen noodles if you wish and
for my seafood I'm using these beautiful
fresh local prawns or shrimp
now you can use whatever seafood you
like or you could use chicken as well
but prawns are nice and easy and simple
so I'm just going to use them so what
I've done is cut the caps come up into
fine strips you don't have to use
capsicum but I just like it for the
color
I've also diced the onions and I have
cut the heads off
these prawns which I'm now going to wash
now I'm going to leave the shell on them
but if you do want to peel them please
do okay so first I'm just going to add a
little bit of oil then I'm going to add
the onions and the laksa sauce
now it's time to add the prawns
we're gonna cook that for about full Oh
see that spicy you're going to cook that
for about three minutes keep stirring
that occasionally after the three
minutes we're going to add one half of
the coconut milk and the capsicum just
stir that through now we're going to
turn the heat down once that starts to
boil and let that simmer for about five
minutes uncovered now if you think that
sauce is looking a little bit too thick
just add 1/10 of the coconut milk and
maybe half a tin of water now while it's
simmering for five minutes it's time to
prepare the noodles now these noodles
are very easy to prepare and it takes a
minute just need to put them in a bowl
then cover them with boiling water then
you just need to gently separate them
using some tongs and we'll just let them
sit for about a minute now once that 1
minute is up
we just need to gently drain the water
from the noodles now by the time those
noodles are all heated the prawns should
be nicely cooked and it's time to serve
up so now it's just time to pour this
mix fill up that bowl
right well I can't wait to try this one
let's give it a go what's hot mmmmmm
sensational well it really is that easy
to make and it tastes unbelievable well
if you want to impress someone or you
just want to warm up on a cold winter's
night we just want to try something
different
give the Lancer a guy because honestly
once you have lack you ain't never going
back well I hope you enjoyed this recipe
if you do want to see some more please
click the subscribe button right above
and if you think your friends might like
it please share my videos thanks for
watching I'll see you next time on
Greg's kitchen oh yeah yeah